Plans &amp; Pricing | Figma Skip to main content Products What you can do in figma Design and explore Build and ship products Explore all products Figma Design Design and prototype in one place Figma Make Prompt to code anything you can imagine Figma Weave AI workflows for imagery, video, audio, and more Dev Mode Translate designs into code Figma Motion New Animate your designs FigJam Collaborate with a digital whiteboard Figma Slides Co-create presentations Figma Draw Illustrate with advanced vector tools Figma Sites Beta Publish fully responsive websites Figma Buzz Beta Produce on-brand assets at scale Additional product resources AI workflows Release notes Downloads Solutions Use cases Design systems Prototyping UX design Web design Wireframing Online whiteboard Agile Strategic planning Brainstorming Diagramming Product development Web development Design handoff See all solutions Roles Design Engineering Product managers Organizations Enterprise Education Government Community Config 2026 Join virtually June 24–25 for free Events Learn best practices at virtual events User groups Join a local Friends of Figma group Customer stories Read about leading product teams Figma Gallery Explore Figma Make and Figma Sites projects made by our users Resources Shortcut: The Figma blog Stories about how products take shape—and shape our world Get started Plugins UI kits Icons Widgets Templates Tools Partners See all Learn Best practices Reports &amp; insights Resource library Demos Webinars Help center Figma Support Pricing Log in Contact sales Get started Get started for free Log in Contact sales Get started Get started for free New AI add-ons are now available for all plans. Pick your plan, choose your seats Figma Design Figma Make Figma Draw Dev Mode FigJam Figma Slides Figma Motion Figma Sites Figma Buzz Prices in USD Plans Starter Free Free limited access to Figma products Select plan Why choose Starter? Why choose Starter? Includes: Unlimited drafts UI kits and templates 150 AI credits/day, up to 500 AI credits/mo Professional Monthly Annual Full seat $16 /mo + 3,000 AI credits/mo Dev seat $12 /mo + 500 AI credits/mo Collab seat $3 /mo + 500 AI credits/mo Select plan Why choose Professional? Why choose Professional? Choose Professional if you: Are a professional or part of a small team Need unlimited files and projects for a single team Want advanced prototyping tools and easier dev handoff Key features: Unlimited files and projects Team-wide design libraries Advanced Dev Mode inspection and MCP Server Organization Billed annually Full seat $55 /mo + 3,500 AI credits/mo Dev seat $25 /mo + 500 AI credits/mo Collab seat $5 /mo + 500 AI credits/mo Select plan Why choose Organization? Why choose Organization? Choose Organization if you: Are a business that designs products across your organization Need unlimited teams and basic security Want to centralize assets, libraries, and workflows across departments Key features: Unlimited teams Shared libraries and fonts Centralized admin tools Want more information? Contact sales Enterprise Billed annually Full seat $90 /mo + 4,250 AI credits/mo Dev seat $35 /mo + 500 AI credits/mo Collab seat $5 /mo + 500 AI credits/mo Contact sales Why choose Enterprise? Why choose Enterprise? Choose Enterprise if you: Are a business designing for multiple products or brands Need enterprise-level security Want scalable design systems and simpler admin management Key features: Custom team workspaces Design system theming and APIs SCIM seat management If you&#x27;re on a paid plan, you can let others view and comment on your files without purchasing extra seats. Figma Motion beta is available on Full seats. Figma Sites beta is available on Full seats. Figma Buzz beta is available on all seats. Add-ons Customize your plan with optional add-ons AI credits Purchase additional AI credits for your whole team to share—enable pay-as-you-go for flexibility and/or subscribe to save. Learn more Governance+ Manage your organization’s unique security requirements with advanced access, sharing, and compliance tools. Only available on Enterprise plan Contact sales Compare all features Seat Full seat Full seat Dev seat Collab seat All features Key features Features Starter Pro Professional Org Organization Enterprise Figma Design Components Create a reusable design component out of any collection of objects or layers. Figma Editor All the design features you’re familiar with—canvas, layers, grids, vectors, shapes, text, constraints, and more. Auto layout Create responsive designs with automatically adjusting frames. Advanced drawing tools Support for digital illustration with Smart Selection, Vector Networks, and Arc Tool. Styles Define colors, text styles, and effects to reuse across objects. Interactive prototypes Create prototypes with interactive overlays that simulate how a user may interact with your design. Advanced animations Use Smart Animate or create your own animations with springs, slides, dissolves, and more. Transitions Choose from a variety of transition animation options. Overlays Easily prototype an interaction where an element appears above another. Video in prototypes Add videos to Figma prototypes for richer, more realistic experiences. Choose videos from the Figma Community Upload your own videos Responsive prototyping viewer Experience your designs on any sized screen with a responsive prototype viewer that adapts to screen size. UI Kits Get designs started quickly with pre-built UI kits available directly in Figma. Inspect in design files Easily view design specifications and CSS properties. Community templates Kickoff conversations with hundreds of pre-made templates. Variables Define color, number, and more to unlock design theming and more dynamic prototyping. Variable modes Easily apply and switch between multiple design themes. 10 modes 20 modes Unlimited modes (via extended collections) Annotations Add annotations and measurements to designs. Team libraries Create design systems with shared assets for your team to use. Multiple actions Define multiple actions in a prototyping interaction. Advanced prototyping Create more realistic prototypes powered by variables. Conditional logic Use if/else statements in prototyping interactions for more customized flows. Expressions Use operators in your interactions to generate dynamic number or string values. Prototype sharing permissions Share prototypes with clients and stakeholders without sharing the underlying design file. Design productivity tools (AI) Rename layers, add interactions, and more with AI. Image editing (AI) Use AI to remove backgrounds, expand images, isolate objects, and more. Weave tools Generate high-quality images in Figma, backed by the power of Figma Weave. Shared fonts Access your organization’s shared fonts in Figma—instantly available to all Editors. Branching and merging Work in a separate branch and merge changes to the main file when you are ready. In-app library analytics Analyze design system adoption and efficiency with in-app metrics. Organization-wide design systems Manage and share design systems across multiple teams at your organization. Default libraries by workspace Enable libraries by default for all files in the workspace. Approved libraries Designate admin-recommended libraries at the workspace or organization level. Multi-brand design systems Scale design systems across multiple brands and products with extended collections. Figma Make Prompt the model Generate a functional prototype or web app via prompt. Bring your designs Attach existing Figma designs or components to your prompts. Add backend support Connect to Supabase to add user authentication, store user data, connect private APIs, and more. Make on mobile Access and build with Figma Make on your mobile device. Plan mode Clarify your intent and create a structured plan before generation starts. Publish Publish your functional prototype or web app as a website with a dedicated URL. via Figma Community MCP support Share Make files and code with AI coding agents to ship prototypes into production. Add images and files Attach reference images, documents, data files, and more to your Make prompts. Library styling context Bring styling context from a Figma library into Make. Make connectors Connect external tools to Make to pull in PRDs, tickets, and other product documentation. Copy as design layers Turn your Figma Make preview into design layers you can paste and edit in Figma Design. Make templates Internally publish Make files as a starting point for users in a team or organization. Password protection Set a password to share your work with more control. Make kits Package your design system into reusable AI context. Publish custom connectors Publish custom Make connectors for organizational use. Figma Motion (Beta) Animation timeline Animate on a full timeline with animation styles, custom keyframes, and auto-keyframing. Motion systems authoring Animate components so every instance inherits the motion. Create easing and timing variables and apply them across your animations. Animation export Export animations as MP4, GIF, WebM, or SVG directly from the file. Dev Mode and MCP handoff Inspect animations in Dev Mode and copy CSS, JSON, or React. Pass any animated frame via MCP directly to a coding agent. High-resolution video exports Video exports above 30fps or 1080p. Published motion systems Publish motion variables to your design system. Swap easing curves and timing across an entire animation at once. Figma Draw Draw tools Design with expressive details by switching your file to Draw in the toolbar. Enhanced vector editing Work with precision using new tools like shape builder, multi-edit vector modes, and lasso. Custom brushes Use a custom set of vector brushes, or create your own. Visual effects Bump up the detail with new effects and fill types like noise, texture, progressive blur, pattern fill, and more. More stroke mechanics Give strokes more personality with variable width and dynamic settings to alter their frequency and wiggle. Text on a path Bend and curve text along vector paths. Transforms Design complex shapes or simple patterns more efficiently. Figma Sites (Beta) Blocks and embeds Drag-and-drop prebuilt web elements instead of starting from scratch. Breakpoints Customize your design for different screen sizes. Interactions Enhance your site by adding animations, transitions, and visual transformations. Code layers Add custom interactivity to your site by writing code or using AI. CMS Manage and update content in a dedicated UI within Figma Sites. Video Add videos to your site for a more engaging experience. Password protection Set a password to your site to share works publicly with more control. Publishing Publish your site to the web, with options to personalize your subdomain or set up a custom domain. Dev Mode MCP support Share Figma context with AI coding agents to generate code aligned with components and design systems. View annotations and measurements Developers can retrieve variable, property, and measurement information for specific layers from the canvas. Code Connect Access design system component code in Dev Mode. Available for UI kits Advanced inspection View and copy code properties, an-tations, and measurements. Plus, you can customize dimension units and more. Improved handoff experience Mark items ready for dev and view them in a consolidated feed or focus view. Add statuses and get -tifications about design changes, completions, and more. Ready for dev on canvas only Compare changes Compare different versions of a frame to quickly see what’s changed. Component playground View and explore component properties in an interactive playground. Dev resources Add developer links to reference during implementation. Asset export Easily export assets from design files. Plugins Use plugins to customize Dev Mode workflows, code gen, and mark/view designs as ready for dev Community plugins only VS Code extension Run Dev Mode directly in VS Code. FigJam Engagement features Use stamps, stickers, and emotes to keep participants engaged. Music player Play music with built-in music tracks. Timer Set a shared timer in FigJam. Tables Create a table to visually organize text. Code blocks Bring code directly into your whiteboard with syntax and highlighting. Diagramming tools Map out systems and processes with shapes and connectors. Summarize (AI) Get clarity on the key takeaways and next steps by summarizing stickies. Generate (AI) Generate templates for weekly team syncs, brainstorms, and more Sort (AI) Quickly sort stickies into groupings. Voting Ask participants to vote on ideas. Open sessions Invite anyone to join your jam for 24 hours—login needed. Unlimited sessions. Custom color palettes Make your brand colors the default for files. Custom templates Make your own templates and share them with your organization. Advanced shapes Use advanced shapes for technical diagramming, including AWS, Google Cloud Platform, Azure, and Kubernetes. MCP support Share Design and Dev Mode context with AI coding agents to generate code aligned with components and design systems. Figma Slides Add interactive prototypes Add live Figma Design prototypes to slides. Live interactions Include live polls, alignment scales, and voting. Transitions Add transitions to individual slides or objects, or apply a single transition to your entire deck. Offline presentations Pre-load your deck to present slides offline. Import/Export to Powerpoint Import from or export to Powerpoint. Adjust content tone (AI) Adjust the tone of any text with AI to rephrase, condense, or expand content. Draft presenter notes (AI) Add presenter notes in a click with AI. Slide outline from FigJam (AI) Generate a slide deck outline from a FigJam board with AI. Figma Design libraries Add Figma Design libraries to access your team’s components, variables, and styles. YouTube embeds Embed YouTube videos. Real-time presenter notes Edit presenter notes in real-time when in presentation mode Image editing (AI) Use AI to remove backgrounds, expand images, isolate objects, and more. Custom templates Create custom templates and publish them to your team or organization. 5 templates Unlimited Unlimited Figma Buzz (Beta) Templates from Figma Use a template published by Figma to get started. Free-form editing and design elements Unlock a template to edit assets freely and access additional design inserts. Brand template publishing Publish brand templates so your team can stay on brand. Focused editing Lock elements of a template so only designated images and copy can be edited. Image editing (AI) Use AI to remove backgrounds, expand images, isolate objects, and more. Figma agent (Beta) On canvas chat Chat with an agent to generate and remix designs, automate busywork, and get design feedback Create shader effects and fills Prompt to build custom shader effects and fills, like blurs, mesh gradients, and more. Skills Package repeatable workflows into a reusable set of instructions. Connectors Connect external tools to pull in PRDs, tickets, and other product documentation. Add images and files Attach reference images, documents, data files, and more to your prompts. Add motion tools Generate editable animation from a text prompt. Agent-built plugins Buld custom tools without writing code. Platform AI Credits AI credits are used to access Figma AI features. Number of credits used varies by request. Included AI credits are subject to change. 150 AI credits/day, up to 500 credits/mo 3,000 AI credits/mo 3,500 AI credits/mo 4,250 AI credits/mo Multiplayer Figma enables multiple editors to jump into the same file, live edit, and work together. Unlimited viewers Invite as many people as you want to view, comment, inspect, or export from your Figma files—for free! Comments Add comments directly on a prototype or file. Spotlight Spotlight yourself so others can follow your progress through a presentation or find where you’re working on the deck in the editor. Observation mode Click on a specific user to see what they see on their screen—great for user testing and design critiques. Shareable links Send a link to a Figma file or prototype—and control who gets access to view or edit. Exports Export your file as PNG, JPG, PDF, or CSV (sticky notes only for CSV). Unlimited file storage Unlimited cloud storage; access files from anywhere. File import Get started faster with imports including .sketch and PNG or JPG files. Cursor chat Cursor chat gives you a quick way to share thoughts when jamming live. Version history Auto-save and create versions of your file every 30 minutes. You can name and link to versions at any time. 30 days Private projects Create invite-only spaces for your team to work privately. Team and project transfer Option to request a team or project transfer from one company to another. Audio conversations Use audio to talk with your collaborators directly in a Figma or FigJam file. Image editing tools (AI) Generate and edit images, boost resolution, and remove backgrounds with AI. Features vary by product. Visual search (AI) Find the components or assets that you&#x27;re looking for with AI. Features vary by product. Text tools (AI) Replace content, adjust tone, and more with AI. Features vary by product. Unlimited teams Create and manage multiple teams within your organization to help groups find and focus on relevant work. Custom workspaces Organize users and content into multiple, focused workspaces that mirror how your organization is structured. MCP server Share Figma context with AI coding agents to generate code aligned with your components and design system. 20 calls/mo Admin Centralized administration Bring multiple teams together under one central Figma account; manage users and billing in one place. Centralized content management All files, including user drafts, are owned by your organization and can be recovered when users are de-provisioned. Workspace administration Manage users and content for each workspace to scale administration and create a more tailored experience for users. Team creation controls Limit the ability to create teams to only admins or all members. Default teams Automatically add all new workspace members to specific teams to help them onboard and find relevant work. Inspect panel administration Control inspect panel settings and defaults for all your teams. Extensibility REST APIs Tap into our REST APIs to bring Figma into your external tools and products. Plugins and widgets Use plugins and widgets built by the Figma community to improve your workflow. Third-party integrations Figma integrates with tools like JIRA, Zeplin, Dropbox, Slack, so you can customize your workflow. Live embeds Embed live Figma designs and prototypes wherever you need them. Webhooks Use our webhooks to automate workflows between Figma and your external tools or products. Private plugins and widgets Build your own private plugins and widgets for your team or organization to use. Plugin management Manage which plugins your organization has access to and install plugins on your users&#x27; behalf. REST API with Dev Mode Access dev resources, check on statuses, and integrate external tools via the REST API. REST API for variables Use the API to scale and automate your design systems. Library Analytics API, in beta Fetch your design systems data directly for more granular and custom analysis. Activity logs API Track what&#x27;s happening in Figma programmatically via the API and build custom apps. Plugin and widget analytics View plugin and widget usage analytics to track adoption and more effectively manage apps. Security Password protection Set a password on files and Open Sessions to share work publicly with more control. Single sign-on (SSO) Setup SAML single sign-on with your existing identity management system; enforce SSO for all team members and manage provisioning via SCIM. Domain capture Automatically add anyone with a verified email address to your Figma account. Activity logs See a record of actions members have taken in Figma. Link access controls Limit the ability to share files via a link outside your organization, ensuring no one can view files unless explicitly invited. Plugin and widget management Manage access to plugins and widgets for your organization and approval requests from your team. Role assignment via SCIM Automatically assign users a role in Figma using your identity management provider. Guest access controls Limit the ability for external collaborators to join your organization. Password protection required Require that users set a password on files shared outside the organization. External content controls Choose if members can access content from outside your organization. Idle session timeout Set a custom time limit to log users out of their session if they’ve been idle. Expiring public links Require that users set an expiration on file links shared outside the organization. Localized file hosting Host key parts of Figma and FigJam files in the EU. Pricing FAQs See more FAQs What is a seat? Seats give users access to Figma’s products. The different seats are designed to support different user workflows. The Full seat includes full access to all Figma products, including Figma Design, Figma Make, Figma Draw, Figma Sites, Dev Mode, FigJam, Figma Slides and Figma Buzz. The Dev seat full access to Dev Mode, FigJam, Figma Slides, and Figma Buzz. It also gives users view and comment access in Figma Design files. The Collab seat includes full access to FigJam, Figma Slides, and Figma Buzz. It also gives users view and comment access in Figma Design files. It only includes basic inspection on Dev Mode. If you’re on a paid plan, you can also let others view and comment on your files without purchasing extra seats. This view and comment access only includes basic inspection on Dev Mode. Where can I see a breakdown of my billing? Only organization admins and billing group admins are able to view and manage billing. You can view a breakdown of your bill and manage seats from the Admin Dashboard in product. Learn more about billing What happens if I add seats mid-year on an annual plan? This depends on which plan you’re on. If you’re on a Professional plan, if you add new paid seats to your team during your annual subscription term, Figma charges you a separate monthly subscription for those seats at the monthly price. Once an admin approves a new seat, it will be automatically added to your next monthly invoice. The cost of the seat will be prorated based on the day it was approved until the end of your current monthly billing term. You will continue to get monthly invoices for newly added seats unless you proactively add those seats to your annual subscription or remove the seats. If you’re on an Organization or Enterprise plan, admins need to approve new seats that incur costs. By default, approved seats are included in your next invoice with prorated pricing, based on the date they were approved until the end of the annual subscription term. You’ll be invoiced quarterly for new seats added during your annual subscription term. Can I purchase products individually? We don’t offer the option to purchase products individually, but you can choose a plan and seats based on the products you’d like to use. Can I inspect files without Dev Mode? Yes, you can access inspect information as a free viewer. While you will have view-only access, you will be able to view measurements and property values, copy CSS, iOS, and Android code, export assets, comment on files, and collaborate via cursor chat. Learn more What are AI credits and how do they work? Figma AI uses a credit system that is shared across all Figma AI features and products. Every seat in Figma includes a monthly allotment of AI credits. The number of credits and which features you can use them with depends on your plan and seat type. Full seats include: 3,000 credits/month on the Professional plan 3,500 credits/month on the Organization plan 4,250 credits/month on the Enterprise plan All other seats (Collab, Dev, and View) and users on the Starter plan receive 500 credits/month. If you need more credits, you can purchase additional AI credits on your plan. For more details, check out our Help Center article on how AI credits work. Does the AI agent consume credits in beta? The agent is free to use during the beta. AI credits are not consumed for any prompts or actions. This allows you to explore and experiment without worrying about credit usage. Once the AI agent becomes generally available, standard AI credit usage will apply . Is Figma available for government or public sector teams? Yes! You can learn more on figma.com/government . How do I downgrade or cancel my paid plan? If you’re on the Professional plan, you can downgrade or cancel your plan your Admin Dashboard. If you’re on an Organization or Enterprise plan, please contact our Sales team to downgrade or cancel your plan. Learn more Where can I learn more about security on Figma? We follow extensive security practices to to protect your data and privacy. All plans meet recognized international security, privacy, and compliance standards. Learn more on figma.com/security . Do you have a discount for schools or classrooms? Yes! Learn more on figma.com/education . See more FAQs Trusted by teams at Figma Socials Product Figma Design Figma Make Figma Weave New Dev Mode Figma Motion New FigJam Figma Slides Figma Draw Figma Sites Beta Figma Buzz Beta Design and explore Build and ship products AI workflows Release notes Downloads Plans Pricing Enterprise Organization Professional Use cases UI design UX design Wireframing Diagramming Prototyping Brainstorming Presentation Maker Online whiteboard Agile Strategic planning Mind mapping Resources Blog Best practices Gradient Library Gradient Generator GIF maker Color wheel Colors Color picker Font Library Templates Developers Integrations Affiliate program Resource library Reports and insights Support Status Legal and privacy Modern slavery statement Climate disclosure statement Company Events Customers Careers Newsroom English